Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ You wait up for me.
I don't wake up for you ♪
♪ Would you like the company
or are you sick of me? ♪
♪ When your love lets you go.
you only want love more ♪
♪ Even when love wasn't
what you were looking for ♪
♪ Speak slow. tell me. love.
where do we go? ♪
♪ Oh. oh. where do we go? ♪
♪ Oh. oh.
where do we go? ♪
-Who are you texting?
-What do I want?
-Sorry. what do we want?
-Grilled cheese.
-No.
♪ You break down
and plead your case ♪
♪ I don't know what to say... ♪
No. I want grilled cheese first.
-No. we got that
last weekend. -Please?
♪ And now I'm at it all again ♪
♪ On these streets
that I leave... ♪
-She's pretty cute.
-Who?
That girl sitting over there.
-Hey. hottie. come here!
-No.
My friend really wants
to talk to you.
No. he doesn't. No. he doesn't.
Help! Help!
-Help!
-Nothing to see here.
-Mommy!
-Guys. stop.
-Stop. Stop it. Stop it.
-Come here. Come here!
Stop it. both of you.
What-what is wrong with you?
-Alex. Stop it. -What?
I'm sorry. I'm trying to...
-Shut up.
-Oh. thank you.
Yay!
Great. Now she's coming.
Never seen you before.
Come sit.
Well. you don't
have to overreact.
I'm Sonya.
What the hell?
You guys just left me there.
I had to call my dad
-to come get me.
-It was Trenton.
-He told us to just leave you.
-Mm-mm. Mm-mm. No. no. no.
-My knees are so jacked up.
-Oh. Oh. no.
Oh. and we're moving.
We didn't know
what was happening.
-Oh. mama.
-Could you please get me a Coke?
-He's thirsty.
-I went down for you. asshole.
You get me a Coke.
And a pretzel.
-I deserve carbs.
-Y-You're right there.
I-I'd have to do
a whole thing...
You're just. like. two steps.
Please.
Wait. Who's this?
-I'm Coley.
-Oh.
They say the quietest ones
are the smartest.
-They listen. -We found
her sitting all alone.
-How horrible.
-Sonya has a thing for strays.
-Lovely name.
-I mean. I guess
that's how I found you.
-Okay. I'm out.
-Oh.
-I'm gonna go smoke a cig.
-Okay.
That was quick.
-Uh. okay.
-What's wrong with him?
Oh. uh. have you heard
from Brooke yet?
No. I mean. I just texted her.
but my mom was giving me.
like. literal hell this morning.
That's so fucked.
Oh. my God.
did you take my mood ring?
-Uh. no. -I swear.
it's. like. a gimmick.
So. uh. how do you guys
know each other?
Uh. we live here.
-Hey.
-Brooke's down at the lake.
She says it's on over there.
-Shotgun.
-Oh. I called it first.
-No. no. no. no. no.
-I called it first.
-No. no. no.
Sonya. come on.
-Yeah.
-Fuck off. I...
-I called shotgun.
-Yeah.
Sonya.
Hey. we're swimming with
friends at Cliffs Edge Trail.
Cool.
Well. if it's so cool.
you coming or what?
-Let's go!
-I'm coming!
Please move!
Watch the knees.
Brooke?
Who's that?
Coley.
Glad we didn't scare you off.
You gonna be a senior this year?
-Yeah.
-Well. lucky for you.
you got a couple more months
to get used to us.
Yeah. I actually. um...
Bro! Don't ruin my...
-Bro. stop. -You're all dry
and warm. though.
-You swimming?
-Bro.
No. thanks.
Come on. we don't bite.
Here. this one smells so good.
It's like a hundred
degrees today. Get in.
I actually think
I'm gonna get going.
You can't get wet?
-What?
-Uh...
-It's really not that scary.
-No. Trenton.
-What if we do it together?
-No.
-Come on. No? No? Okay.
No. stop! What are you doing?
-We're having an adventure.
-Stop!
-Trenton. just put her down.
-Stop! Put me down! Stop!
Put me down!
Stop. Let me go. Let me down.
-Okay. okay.
-No. stop!
Such an asshole.
Trenton.
you are such an asshole.
I just wanted to cool her down.
-Why is she not
smiling? -She's soaking wet.
No. don't get...
Sorry. He's sorry.
Hey! Hey. wait up.
Look. Trenton can be
an ass sometimes.
but I swear he's a good guy.
I've known him. like. forever.
Yeah. he seems great.
Hey. don't be mad at me.
-I didn't do anything.
-You were laughing.
I didn't know what else to do.
So you just go along
with whatever.
as long as you get
to be part of it?
Okay. wow. Harsh and untrue.
Then what was that?
Trenton was just
messing around. and I-I...
I-I don't know.
Look. you don't even know me.
and you're judging me?
Like. I ran over here
to make sure you were okay.
and now you're just acting
like some wet. grumpy bitch.
I'm so sorry. I don't...
I don't know why I said that.
It's fine.
It's not that. I just...
-I don't know.
-Hey. hey.
Can we start over?
I feel terrible.
-Don't...
-Please. Please.
You have to let me
redeem myself. okay?
Honestly. I'm just stupid.
I make terrible choices--
ask anyone--
but I don't usually make people
cry on first hangs. you know.
I should probably get going.
I live all the way
on Kingsley Street. so Curt...
my dad is probably
waiting for me.
We need to have. like.
a proper hang sometime.
Give me your number.
My phone is dead now.
Right.
We can be old-fashioned.
You got a pen in there?
Um...
Honestly. Coley. I'm not
used to doing all the work
like you're making me do here.
Arm.
Those are zeros.
You know. you could've just
given that to me
on paper. right?
Darling. it's called romance.
Oh. my God.
Hey. Coley.
Yeah?
Promise you'll
message me tonight?
Promise.
Hey.
How was your day?
Cole. you decent? Coming up.
Hey.
Morning.
Uh. I got to go into town.
Do you want to come?
Grab some lunch?
Get to know each other?
No. I'm good.
Okay.
Well. I'll leave you alone.
Fuck.
Shit.
♪ Perfect scene ♪
♪ The sky so blue ♪
♪ I just wanna live in color ♪
♪ I just wanna... ♪
I got to be honest.
I've been so worried
'cause she's new
to the neighborhood.
She hasn't had
that many friends around--
or any. really-- so just
to see someone. uh. it's...
-your visiting. it's exciting.
-Yeah!
By the way. I love your house.
-It's so cool.
-Oh. Thank you. Thank...
-Yeah. it's super sick.
-Well. I inherited it.
-so I can't take credit for it.
-Oh. I love the wood.
-It's really vintage.
-Oh. thanks. Yeah.
There you are.
-Hey.
Uh. I got to get going.
I got to run some errands.
-Very nice to meet you. Sonya.
-Nice to meet you.
You're welcome anytime.
Cole. I'll see you in a bit.
And you guys have fun.
So what are you doing here?
Well. you didn't message me.
so...
you broke your promise.
I showered.
Yeah.
So what do you want to do?
How do you know
I want to hang out with you?
Oh. my God. Let's go!
Do you do this a lot?
I mean. fake I.D.'s
can be kind of hard
in a town where everyone
knows everyone.
So...
SJ's actually still kind of
pissed at me for ditching her.
Whoops.
Getting left behind sucks.
Someone leave you behind?
My dad has plenty
of alcohol at home.
I don't think he would mind
if we...
What are you. a wimp?
No.
Prove it.
Hey.
-Sorry. can you help me?
-Hi.
Can you show me where that is?
-All right.
-Thank you.
What you got there?
No. never mind.
This is good. Uh. yeah.
Oh. my...
The look on your face.
You scared me.
I'm sorry. It was too good.
-Should we go?
-Yeah.
Let's go.
Come on. come on. come on!
Mom. I'm home.
Sonya. where have you been?
You made me late again.
Mom. I'm here now.
Mom. this is Coley.
Hi. Coley.
Hon. would you get your sister
ready for bed?
I'm gonna be out late.
Bye. girls.
Bye. Mom.
Okay.
Hello. Come. join me.
Enjoying the movie?
Riveting.
All you
have to do is trust yourself.
I've never done this before.
Okay. so...
why did I have to find out
you just moved here
from San Diego from your dad?
Beats me.
Okay.
So. what. do I have to find out
you have a boyfriend
from there. too?
Are you and that Trenton guy.
like...
What?
You know.
Mm. I'm emotionally
unavailable to all.
Hey.
Let's go hang in my room.
She's fine.
I'm gonna put on some music.
Okay.
Very award-heavy.
What. are you.
like. famous or something?
No. I'm not famous.
My mom. she's just had me
in competitive dancing
since I was like five.
Competitive?
Yeah. It means I win.
-A lot.
-Oh.
Can I see?
You want me to dance?
I've never seen
a competitive dance before.
so how would I know
the difference between
a competitive
and noncompetitive dance?
I mean. it's not like a recital.
It's not just. like.
a show for your parents.
Can I just see one thing?
Fine. but I'm not
gonna go full-out.
And. for the record. I don't
do this for just anyone.
Okay.
I think I danced this like...
two years ago.
and. um. it was actually
quite sweet
'cause. um. I had just learned
how to do
changing spot fouettés.
and I was the first
on my dance team to do that.
♪ You squeezed the juice
and I drank it ♪
♪ I was confused
when I noticed you ♪
♪ 'Cause I noticed you ♪
♪ Let me in your head.
what you thinking? ♪
♪ It's all so new ♪
♪ When I noticed you ♪
♪ 'Cause I noticed you ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
-♪ What you hiding from? ♪
♪ I'm right here ♪
♪ Gonna overdose ♪
♪ 'Cause we all unfold ♪
♪ Yeah. we all unfold ♪
♪ When I look into
your honey eyes ♪
♪ Swallowed up your disguise ♪
♪ When I noticed you ♪
♪ 'Cause I noticed you ♪
♪ Hey... ♪
Ah. shit.
Oh. my God.
-You good? My God.
-Shit.
-Are... are you okay?
-Yeah. No. no. no. I'm fine.
Yeah. that was...
-That was so stupid.
-Well...
-Ow.
-Thank you. competitive dancer.
You showed me a really.
really competitive dance.
Hey. I won for that song.
Congrats.
Okay. then you dance.
If you're gonna make fun.
Okay. fine.
Yay! Okay.
Give me something sad.
Raw. Achy.
So something just like you?
Oh. okay.
♪ Where are we? ♪
Oh. my God.
♪ What the hell ♪
-♪ Is going on... ♪
-Yo.
This was kind of a big deal
'cause I was the first one
on my team
to raise my arms like this.
Okay. Okay.
Wow.
Oh. my God.
It's so cute.
Um. I'll be right back.
♪ And rub my eyes ♪
♪ This can't be happening ♪
♪ When busy streets ♪
♪ A mess with people ♪
♪ Would stop to hold ♪
♪ Their heads heavy ♪
♪ Hide and seek ♪
♪ Trains and sewing machines ♪
♪ All those years ♪
♪ They were ♪
♪ Here first ♪
♪ Oily marks ♪
♪ Appear on walls ♪
♪ Where pleasure moments ♪
♪ Hung before ♪
♪ The takeover ♪
♪ The sweeping
insensitivity... ♪
Sonya?
Yep?
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
I mean. the-the champagne
and everything
was just a bad combo.
and I have to put Emma
to bed soon.
I'm sorry.
Oh. um... it's okay.
Um. if you want to head home.
I'll. um... I'll-I'll AIM you.
Promise.
Oh.
Okay. Uh...
well. night.
Hey.
There's some. um. leftovers
in the kitchen if you want.
I'm good.
Wait. do you want to watch TV?
I'm hogging this thing.
I-I watch
way too much television.
I'm fine.
Where'd you get that jacket?
It was my mom's.
Technically. that jacket
used to be mine.
and she took it from me
years ago
and never gave it back.
She always said it looked
way better on her than me.
It looks way better
on you. though.
You-you wear it
better than anybody.
-I'm gonna go to my room now.
-No. it looks...
♪ Tempered air ♪
♪ Up above ♪
♪ Truth or dare ♪
♪ On my tongue ♪
♪ Exploding flares ♪
♪ Filled with diamonds ♪
♪ It's the first time ♪
♪ I've ever seen one ♪
♪ Fight me here. baby ♪
♪ Fight me there. oh. oh. oh ♪
-Night
-Night.
♪ Burn me up. baby ♪
♪ Burn me up till it shows ♪
♪ Take me on
all your crazy turns ♪
♪ I'll follow ♪
♪ Just breathe. breathe for me ♪
♪ Breathe. breathe for me ♪
♪ Breathe.
breathe for me ♪
♪ Breathe. breathe for me ♪
♪ It's nice to hold
your hand for free ♪
Look what he texted.
♪ Forget the promises ♪
♪ You promised me ♪
♪ The steps behind us whisper ♪
♪ Through the trees ♪
♪ We just sigh ♪
Trenton. your car is disgusting.
Oh. Stop.
♪ I want you ♪
♪ For my lungs ♪
♪ All of you ♪
♪ In my lungs ♪
♪ I'll follow you ♪
♪ Till I get enough. ♪
I'm sorry.
I. uh...
I heard that if you stare
at someone long enough.
you'll get high.
but it has to be in the eye.
It's something in the brain
chemicals. I don't know.
Well. I want to get high.
Me. too.
Okay. so how long
should we stare for?
Probably till we're
tripping balls.
Okay.
-Oops.
-Trenton!
Look at this.
There's something
on my skin. babe.
It's all itchy.
I don't know what to do.
Okay. let me see.
Yeah. that's poison ivy.
Can you fix it?
Shoot. You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
-I-I know.
-Okay.
-Look.
-I'll go get the first aid kit.
All right. Got to put
some calamine on that.
Thank you. You're the best.
-Oh. thanks. babe.
-Yeah.
-No. no. no. Don't put that
stuff on me. -What? Okay.
-It's pink.
-I mean. it's so gross.
You have to let me treat it.
I can't have pink cream
all over my body.
Can you just...
Is there anything else less gay?
-C-Can we go?
-Where?
Brooke's parents are
out of town. remember?
We're gonna go hang.
So just get your stuff
and say goodbye to Coley.
Let's go.
You should come hang. too.
We've got plans.
What kind of plans?
"None of your business" plans.
You're surrounding yourself
-with bitches lately. Sonya.
-Shut up.
And you know what they
say about the company you keep.
All right. we're leaving.
-Okay.
-You boys can go.
Yeah? All right.
Wait. I thought we were...
-Goodbye.
-Okay.
Come on. bro. Let's go.
Has he always been
so possessive?
Like all guys.
Okay. well. he needs to change.
Coley. guys don't change.
Girls just tell themselves
that they will if they love us.
but what actually happens
is that the girl changes
so that they'll
keep on loving us.
Okay. but that life philosophy
doesn't say anything
about the girl
actually loving the guy.
Why do you think that is?
Mm... Love is about sacrifice.
I mean. that's what
my mom always tells me.
Do you think it's easy--
loving someone?
I think love is
a shitload of things. but...
I don't think
making yourself smaller
to be with another person
is worth it.
Ever.
Well. Trenton doesn't make me...
I didn't say his name.
You did.
O-Okay. well. he's just being
super annoying right now.
so... whatever.
Come on.
I want to take you
to my secret spot.
-Oh?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Oh. Are you gonna race me?
I'm gonna beat you there. Yeah.
-You're gonna beat me? Go!
-Yeah.
-Look at this.
-Ooh. Ooh!
Oh. I should've
brought a T-shirt.
I need you to carry me.
I definitely can't carry you.
Carry me. Coley.
Come on. Okay. come here.
-Come here. Giddyap!
-Sonya!
Giddyap! Go!
Go!
-Ow.
-Ouch.
It's okay.
Mm. I'm cold.
Here.
Yay! Thank you.
Mmm. That smells good.
You're a dancer.
Aren't you supposed to be
a little bit more graceful
than that?
I'm a dancer.
Oh. I know.
You danced for me. remember?
I'm way better than that.
you know?
Excuse me.
I literally threw up
after watching you dance.
I was like...
and you were like.
"La. la. la. la. la."
I think...
you need some lessons.
Uh. what?
Okay. Come on.
-'Kay.
-Arms up.
What? No.
-No noodle arms.
-Ow.
Bad noodle.
Coley.
Oh.
Wow.
-Coley.
-Mm-hmm?
I don't know if it's
'cause we're spinning.
but everything's spinning
right now.
-You good?
-Mm-hmm.
Mm-mm.
You're. like...
really pretty.
I think you're
really pretty. too.
I also think
you're really drunk.
You gonna remember
dancing with me tomorrow?
Look...
I may be drunk. but...
I know what I'm doing.
Sometimes the next day.
I'm like. "Oh. shit." but...
...I don't forget.
Anything.
I like...
your life.
My mom can be so judgmental
and hard on me. and...
I feel like I can never
do anything right.
I just wish she was more chill.
like your dad.
He left when I was
really young. so...
I don't really know him.
It was always just more
me and my mom.
You never mention her.
Yeah. um...
She passed away.
End of last year.
Coley. I'm so sorry.
Just...
She wasn't well.
Not for a while.
-Sorry.
-It's okay.
I know I'm not making
any sense...
...but it's just that...
...she...
...she kind of did it
to herself.
She wasn't trying to. but...
...she also wasn't
not trying to.
Coley.
Hey.
I just...
I feel like she died
without ever really knowing me.
Coley.
Hey.
Do you know
how incredible you are?
Olive juice.
What?
I...
...love...
...juice.
Olive juice. too.
Hey.
Hey. are you okay?
No. it's just my mom.
I-I just got to go.
Okay.
-Night.
Sorry.
Ah! Coley! Coley.
-Hi.
-How've you been?
Good.
Uh. thanks for reaching out.
I didn't know that this
was still happening. so...
Of course. Oh. my God.
So. the guy from
the other night showed up.
-so I'm gonna go say hi.
-Oh. my God. Yes.
Hey. you know.
but. like. how are you?
I'm fine.
Oh. my gosh. you came!
Did Brooksey text you?
Okay. I think I need
to call in sick tomorrow.
Oh. my God. Brooke.
you literally started today.
Yeah. I know. drunky.
but you literally leave Sunday.
and I'm gonna be so hungover.
Wait. you're leaving?
-There she is.
-Oh. my God! Hi!
-Giddyap!
-Okay.
-Sonya. you need water.
-No. I don't.
Sorry about that.
Okay. that's literally
so annoying.
-Oh. Brooke!
-No. she's been. like.
totally blowing him off.
and then she gets to decide
when it's back on
and blow us off?
-It's just...
-No. it's bullshit!
I'm. like. so over it.
Sorry.
Okay. just a sec.
Coley. is that you?
I can't believe you didn't
tell me how bad I looked.
You don't look bad.
Liar.
I can't believe you didn't
tell me that you're leaving.
Mm... thought I did.
Where are you going?
It's just this. like.
dance camp intensive
that. like. my mom makes me go.
like. every year.
and. like.
I'll be back in August.
Well. are we still gonna talk
while you're gone or...
Yeah. I don't...
I don't think I can.
I just really need to focus.
Okay. did I do something or...
What?
You seem really distant.
and. like. you're not being
yourself with me and...
Look. Coley.
I just have a lot
going on right now.
and. like. I don't have time
for much. like...
I can't handle this.
Handle what?
Handle me?
Coley...
you're at a party.
Go mingle.
You don't have to sit alone
looking so sorry for yourself.
Hurry up. I have to pee.
-I'm sorry.
-No.
Hey. Coley.
Hey. Hey. are you mad at me?
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-Just get away from me.
No. Why are you acting like
I don't even matter to you?
Just...
-Please. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-I don't understand.
Just. everything
has been so hard.
-You know I care about...
-Sorry.
I don't know what got into me.
I'm really sorry.
I just...
I suck.
I just suck.
You don't suck. Sonya.
Okay?
Olive juice.
Olive juice. too.
♪ Sexy boy ♪
Oh.
Hi. I'm Coley.
I'm not sure if we've met.
Mm.
♪ Sexy boy ♪
Funny.
Feels like
I've known you forever.
Why do you always feel so good?
♪ Sexy boy ♪
Open up!
-Hey. it's okay.
-Fuck.
Who the fuck is in my room?
Who locked my door?
Who's hooking up
in there? We need the room.
Damn.
I was looking for you.
Wait. what the hell
are you guys doing in my room?
Hold on. You locked her in here?
-Wh-What? -Hey. Trenton.
just calm down. Let's just go.
What the fuck
were you guys doing in there?
Nothing.
What? Sonya.
You can get out of my room now.
Go.
♪ How can I just try again ♪
♪ When the feeling's
hard to mend? ♪
♪ How can I just try again? ♪
Would you like
to have another beer?
Woo-hoo!
♪ I can't find
the ways to begin. ♪
-Ow!
-Oh. sorry.
I've missed you.
-Trenton.
-What?
I can't. I can't. I'm drunk.
Hey. Hey.
Hey. look at me.
What's wrong?
Please don't hate me.
Are you serious?
I don't know.
You're like a completely
different person.
-I'm sorry. okay? I don't...
-Y-You've been ignoring me
-for weeks.
-I don't know what I want.
-Hey.
-Hanging on to that girl
-like you're her bitch and...
-Hey. Hey.
-No. no. don't touch me.
-Please don't be mad at me.
-Don't touch me.
-Please.
You're embarrassing
yourself. Sonya.
Can I have some?
Only if you'll talk to me.
You have such sad eyes.
They're nice. though.
Uh. are you okay?
I just...
I. uh...
I heard about your mom.
You know. I'm here for you
if you need anything or...
Who told you that?
I... I thought everyone knew.
I need to go.
Did I do something?
-I thought...
-I need to go.
Coley. wait.
I'm driving you home.
What?
Hey. Um...
My bike is still at Brooke's.
Can I get a ride?
I left something
back at Sonya's.
Sure.
I'll take you.
Okay. you can just stop here.
-You sure?
-Yeah. Stop.
Okay. I'm just gonna walk back.
Let me help you. It gets stuck.
Thanks.
-I can wait.
-Fine.
Coley. hi.
How've you been?
Fine.
Sonya and the girls
are just out back.
It was fine.
Whatever. I just. like.
felt so stupid.
Brooke's very brave.
Coley.
What are you doing here?
You have my jacket.
Oh.
It should be in my room.
You can just go grab it.
Sorry.
-I'll be right back.
-Okay.
It should be in here...
somewhere.
Um...
Sorry.
Here.
Is that all you need?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
I know that you like me.
You kissed me.
You basically said
that you loved me.
I don't know what to say. Coley.
I guess...
I'm just like that
with all my friends.
Coley. is everything okay?
What happened?
Just take me home.
Please just take me home.
What happened?
Take me home.
You okay?
I mean. you were so busy.
You were gone nonstop. and now
you haven't moved in days.
Yeah. I'm just
pretty boring. I guess.
We could do something.
There's nothing to do.
I could show you something
I've been working on here.
I'll bet you've been curious.
Maybe? I don't know.
I got into it back in the day
when I was. you know.
making music. and...
kind of a way to pay the bills.
I kind of stumbled into it
when a buddy of mine
gave me some beautiful stones.
It's pretty.
I made it for you.
It's a design
I've been working on
ever since I started.
Around the time I met your mom.
There's this box back there.
So much nostalgia.
Beautiful pictures. memories.
I... I haven't been able to go
through it yet. to be honest.
If you want to look
through it together. it's here.
She was a woman
of very high highs
and very low lows. your mother.
Why would you show this
to me right now?
Well. I was happy I found it.
I don't know. I thought
this year has been so crazy.
I-I thought maybe we could
look through it and we could...
we could talk.
I'm here. I just...
I want you to know that.
You were never there.
I was.
Every day.
Alone.
And you have no idea
what it was like.
I want you to tell me.
I'm trying to give you
your space.
but I want you to know
that I'm-I'm... I'm here.
I really want you to feel like
you can share with me. Nicole.
I understand that
you don't know me.
but I... I want to change that.
I want...
I want to get to know you.
Yeah. that's only
'cause you have to.
That bad. huh?
Unsweetened kind.
Just having one of those days.
you know?
Shit. I'm having
one of those years. you know?
Yeah.
Well. I'm off at 5:00.
If you want something
stronger than...
chocolate.
You can put
your bike right there.
-Thanks.
-It'll be fine.
Okay.
You upstairs or...
No. it's around here.
Right this way.
My fucking parents.
I have to keep
sneaking around and shit.
It's so... I mean. I can't wait
to get the hell out of here.
Cole?
-Yeah?
-Where were you last night?
-I was at a friend's.
-Okay. I...
I have no idea
where you've been.
I think we have to have
some sort of agreement
that you're-you're
at least home by midnight.
You know. that sounds more like
a curfew than an agreement.
Fine. Then it's a curfew.
Look. I-I-I feel really bad
I upset you the other day.
Oh. Well. that sucks for you.
Hey. stop.
You can't keep doing this.
-Doing what?
-Avoiding me.
I don't... I don't know
where you are.
I don't know what you're doing.
I don't know who you're with.
I need to know that you're safe.
Okay? You're scaring me.
Never scared you before.
Well. now you're
my responsibility.
Now?
Yeah. because you didn't care
at all before.
No. that's not true. I...
No. your first instinct
has always been
to put you first.
Nicole.
You were the first person
who ever taught me that...
I'm someone
that no one's gonna miss.
Cole.
Nicole.
Hey. Hey. Open the door.
Open the door.
Let me in.
Nicole. I am so sorry.
You're right.
I wasn't there.
I don't know what
your mom told you. but...
it's not what I wanted.
I wanted us all to be together.
But she didn't want that.
Did you know that?
She left me. too.
Oh. that was sick. dude!
♪ You built for me ♪
♪ Barriers so high ♪
♪ I can barely see... ♪
Whoa.
Aren't you feeling better now?
I'm feeling pretty good.
♪ From these wounds ♪
♪ Wildflowers grow ♪
♪ Climb the walls ♪
Coley.
♪ You built for me ♪
I can see you.
Coley.
♪ Barriers so high ♪
You taste so good.
♪ I can barely see. ♪
Nicole?
What happened?
What's going on?
I can't.
I just...
I'm never gonna be normal.
I'm just tired.
I hate this.
I hate feeling like this.
I just...
I just... I hate myself.
Why would you say that?
No. I mess...
I mess everything up.
Don't. Don't-don't...
don't say that. Cole.
I don't know why
I'm not good enough for anyone.
Mom gave up on me.
She probably hated me. too.
That's why I missed
my bus that day.
I just wanted a few more
minutes without her hating me.
If I had been home
early enough...
I can't.
Hey.
It's not your fault.
Cole. your mom loved you
so much.
I promise you.
Not enough. No.
She didn't love anything.
I know it's hard for you
to understand. but I think
maybe in that moment
all she was thinking about
was her own pain.
I just want to start over.
Me. too.
We can start over.
Let's start over.
We can. You got to...
You got to give yourself
a chance to grieve.
Think about what's happened
to you in the last year.
I promise you.
things are gonna get better.
How?
How is anything
gonna get better?
By being honest with each other.
You're not alone anymore.
I'm sorry.
Now you're stuck with me.
I missed out on too much.
I'm not gonna miss out
on-on any more.
And I know that my loss
is not the same as yours...
...but losing your mom...
...taught me that I'm never
gonna stop trying.
I want to see you
find your person.
Find some person that doesn't
make you cry like this.
There is so much for you
to love about yourself. Coley.
I wish I could see it.
You will.
I promise.
♪ Nothing's the same ♪
♪ Everything fades ♪
♪ Taking away ♪
♪ What to feel ♪
♪ When did it start
falling apart? ♪
♪ Is this real? ♪
♪ Never know why I even try... ♪
-Hey. I'm Kendrick.
-Coley.
So let me. uh. show you around.
Yeah. Yeah.
This is your station
right here. Phone.
Your server will be here
in just a moment.
Uh. yep.
We were not very cool.
Um. let's see what we got here.
Um. there's me
rocking and rolling.
-The '80s.
-Very.
Um. this is my parents.
-What?
-Stop questioning.
This is a real story.
Oh. Hey. babe.
-This is my boyfriend Tye.
-It's so nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. too.
-I'll see you. Cole.
-See you.
♪ I'm falling through... ♪
Last but not least.
some delicious roasted potatoes.
-I'm so hungry.
-All right. good.
-What do you think?
-Mmm.
Really?
♪ Safe and sound ♪
♪ Above the clouds ♪
♪ Won't look down ♪
♪ I'll find my way ♪
♪ I'm falling through ♪
♪ I'm falling through. ♪
All right.
You work here. don't you?
All right. let's go.
-go. go. go. go. go.
-Yeah.
Do an impression.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday. dear Emma ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you. ♪
Happy birthday!
For Monday?
And a party of six. Okay. cool.
Great. Um. we'll see you then.
Thank you for calling.
Hey. Coley.
Hey.
Thanks.
How are you?
What are you doing here?
I work here.
You look great.
Do you want to catch up?
Like. do you have a sec?
I'm really busy right now.
Okay.
Well. how about
after your shift is over?
I can just meet you back here.
I don't really think there's
anything for us to talk about.
Come on. Cole.
Okay. well. I'm off at 11:00.
Okay.
See you.
They liked it.
-so that's all that matters.
-Yeah.
-See you tomorrow. Cole.
-See ya.
Hey.
It's good to see you.
So what's up?
We could sit in my car.
Sure.
I missed you.
At camp...
this girl.
she literally whacked her elbow
into this guy's face
mid-rehearsal.
Had this. like. huge meltdown.
like. just blaming him.
I just saw you in the corner
dying laughing.
which then made me
start laughing.
and then she tried to fight me.
and it was just
this whole crazy thing.
I just...
...wish you were there.
Is that all?
Well. we haven't talked.
-Yeah.
-So...
Yeah. that's
kind of shitty. huh?
Okay. are you gonna
say something or...
I like you.
And it scares me
how much I like you.
and I don't know
what that means.
Like...
if I'm...
Maybe it's just you.
Maybe it's not that
and I'm just. like.
attracted to you.
I mean. I...
Like. I-I know you're wrong.
but this just
-feels so right. and I...
-Wrong?
Are you saying
that I'm wrong now?
That's-that's not what I...
You know what I mean.
-Like. you're not...
-No. I can't talk to you.
I can't do this anymore.
Coley. Coley. wait!
I didn't... Wait.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean... I don't...
I don't...
I don't know what to do.
This is so new to me.
and you've...
you've just confused me.
I'm not a sounding board for
you to figure out your shit.
Can we just sit down
for one minute. please?
I. like...
...need you.
Like. I can't... sleep at night.
-All I imagine is...
-Stop. please.
Why-why are you saying this
to me right now?
-Because I want to be with you.
-Then be with me.
-I can't.
-Exactly.
This is just gonna be
an endless circle
of you telling me
all the reasons
how I'm wrong
and how we're wrong
and about how you want me
but you can't want me.
and you're not helping.
It just hurts.
I don't want to hurt you. Coley.
but this isn't just about me.
This is about my mom.
my-my friends.
What would people think of me?
That is all you think about--
what people are gonna think
about you-- and it's...
it's not even you.
I was doing fine
letting this go.
I-I can't do this anymore.
Please. Coley.
Leave me alone.
Okay.
let's not talk about school
for the rest of the summer.
Thank you very much.
Coley. Hey.
Uh. I wanted to invite you to
the party at my place tomorrow.
Look. I heard it got around--
your mom's. uh...
I want you to know
Sonya wasn't trying to gossip.
She was trying to understand
how to help you.
and she came to me to make sure
that she wasn't making it worse.
and then Trenton overheard us
and blabbed it all over.
I'm really sorry.
Look. I'm sure
you're over all of us.
but Sonya's been home a week
and she just seems so sad.
Not like herself.
I... I asked her about it.
and she told me
how she messed it all up.
so I thought maybe
if I explained...
Yeah. Thanks.
Come or don't--
uh. totally up to you.
I know it'd make Sonya happy.
We'll see.
Okay.
Bye.
Drink! Drink! Drink!
I can't feel anything!
I am a god!
♪ They move right through you
just like your breath ♪
♪ But sometimes ♪
♪ I still think of you ♪
♪ And I just wanted to ♪
♪ Just wanted you to know... ♪
Trenton. stop.
Stop. We're done. Trenton.
Oh. my God.
Where are you going?
I didn't know you were serious.
I'm so tired
of living like this.
All I do is run.
You could stop.
I could.
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Stealing kisses
from your missus ♪
♪ Does it make you freak out? ♪
♪ Got you fussing.
got you worried ♪
♪ Scared to let
your guard down ♪
♪ Boys ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh. boys ♪
♪ Tell the neighbors
I'm not sorry ♪
♪ If I'm breaking walls down ♪
♪ Building your girl's
second story ♪
♪ Ripping all your floors out ♪
♪ Saw your face.
heard your name ♪
♪ Gotta get with you ♪
♪ Girls like girls
like boys do ♪
♪ Nothing new ♪
♪ Isn't this why we came? ♪
♪ Gotta get with you ♪
♪ Girls like girls
like boys do ♪
♪ Nothing new ♪
♪ Girls like girls
like boys do ♪
♪ Nothing new ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Boys ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh. boys ♪
♪ Always gonna
steal your thunder ♪
♪ Watch me like a dark cloud ♪
♪ On the move
collecting numbers ♪
♪ I'm-a take your girl out ♪
♪ We will be ♪
♪ Everything that
we'd ever need ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Don't tell me.
tell me what I feel ♪
♪ I'm real and I don't
feel like boys ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ I'm real and I don't
feel like boys ♪
♪ Saw your face.
heard your name ♪
♪ Gotta get with you ♪
♪ Girls like girls
like boys do ♪
♪ Nothing new ♪
♪ Isn't this why we came? ♪
♪ Gotta get with you ♪
♪ Girls like girls
like boys do ♪
♪ Nothing new ♪
♪ Girls like girls
like boys do ♪
♪ Nothing new ♪
♪ I've been crossing ♪
♪ All the lines. all the lines ♪
♪ Kissed your girls
and made you cry ♪
♪ Boys ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ I'm real and I don't
feel like boys ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ I'm real and I don't
feel like boys ♪
♪ Saw your face.
heard your name ♪
♪ Gotta get with you ♪
♪ Girls like girls
like boys do ♪
♪ Nothing new ♪
♪ Isn't this why we came? ♪
♪ Tell me if you feel it. too.
tell me ♪
♪ Girls like girls
like boys do ♪
♪ Nothing new ♪
♪ Girls like girls
like boys do ♪
♪ Nothing new ♪
Coley!
You forgot something.
Promise you'll message me?
Promise.
Better not break
your promise this time.
I won't.
I know where you live.
I'll hunt you down.
Yeah. I'm counting on it.
Bye.
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh. ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm